README.md, before:

# Chayote Ward Website
This project is accessible at [chayoteward.org](http://chayoteward.org)

## Links
One main purpose of the project is to make easy-to-remember links.

### Adding new links
To add a new link, simply add it to the [`src/links.json`](src/links.json) file.

Once it's saved here on GitHub, the site will automatically re-build and re-deploy using GitHub Actions; see [`.github/workflows/deploy.yml`](.github/workflows/deploy.yml) for details.

### Remembering the links
If anyone wants to see all the links they can visit, they can go to [chayoteward.org/links](http://chayoteward.org/links) to refresh they're memory.

## The `public` folder
In the future, if it makes sense to, you can have the build add things to the `public` folder, and they'll automatically be added to the website. You might consider [setting up a Jekyll site](https://docs.github.com/en/pages/setting-up-a-github-pages-site-with-jekyll) to keep things simple.

## But How?
### The Link Shortener
This project uses a very simple link shortener package called [Suri](https://github.com/surishortlink/suri), specifically, we used the [GitHub Pages template](https://github.com/surishortlink/suri-deploy-github).

### The Domain Name (chayoteward.org)
Brother Bradley Turek bought chayoteward.org from namecheap.com. If he ever leaves, he can easily transfer this project and the domain name to whoever needs it.

Commit message:

Add example and important step

README.md, after:

# Chayote Ward Website
This project is accessible at [chayoteward.org](http://chayoteward.org)

## Links
One main purpose of the project is to make easy-to-remember links.

### Adding new links
To add a new link, simply add it to the [`src/links.json`](src/links.json) file.

For example, if you added `"2025-summer-activity": "http://facebook.com/events/26820394817263"`, when someone goes to `chayoteward.org/2025-summer-activity`, it would take them to `http://facebook.com/events/26820394817263`.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Be sure to add a comma between the previous last list item and your new list item, otherwise it gets upset.

Once it's saved here on GitHub, the site will automatically re-build and re-deploy using GitHub Actions; see [`.github/workflows/deploy.yml`](.github/workflows/deploy.yml) for details.

### Remembering the links
If anyone wants to see all the links they can visit, they can go to [chayoteward.org/links](http://chayoteward.org/links) to refresh they're memory.

## The `public` folder
In the future, if it makes sense to, you can have the build add things to the `public` folder, and they'll automatically be added to the website. You might consider [setting up a Jekyll site](https://docs.github.com/en/pages/setting-up-a-github-pages-site-with-jekyll) to keep things simple.

## But How?
### The Link Shortener
This project uses a very simple link shortener package called [Suri](https://github.com/surishortlink/suri), specifically, we used the [GitHub Pages template](https://github.com/surishortlink/suri-deploy-github).

### The Domain Name (chayoteward.org)
Brother Bradley Turek bought chayoteward.org from namecheap.com. If he ever leaves, he can easily transfer this project and the domain name to whoever needs it.
